Add section on tracking protocols (#654)
THEOplayer/documentation: theoplayer/how-to-guides/web/theolive/basic-playback-guide.mdx

player.videoTracks[0].targetQuality = qualities[indexOfDesiredQualityLayer];
```

## Tracking Streaming Protocols

> In OptiView Live, an [`Endpoint`](https://optiview.dolby.com/docs/theoplayer/v11/api-reference/web/interfaces/Endpoint.html) can contain sources for multiple streaming protocols. For instance, it can be configured to load a WebRTC source for real time streaming but load a HLS source to allow seeking into a DVR window. Another use case is one where HESP is used as the primary streaming protocol, but the player could fall back to a HLS source if the platform doesn't support HESP playback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OptiView Live, an [`Endpoint`](pathname:///theoplayer/v11/api-reference/web/interfaces/Endpoint.html) can contain sources for multiple streaming protocols. For instance, it can be configured to load a WebRTC source for real time streaming but load a HLS source to allow seeking into a DVR window. Another use case is one where HESP is used as the primary streaming protocol, but the player could fall back to a HLS source if the platform doesn't support HESP playback.
```
